# Stanford TV News Analyzer

#### Setup instructions

1. Install Rust (see https://rustup.rs/)
2. Clone submodules: `git submodule init && git submodule update`
3. Run `./install_deps.sh` to install the submodules
4. `cd vgrid-widget` and run `./install.sh`.
  - This will require `npm` and other javascript dependencies
    (`npm install --save react react-dom mobx mobx-react`).
    Install them as needed.
  - Once this succeeds, `cd ..` to return to the top level.
5. Install python dependencies: `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
6. Copy/symlink the indexed captions as `data/index`
7. Copy/symlink the data directory as `data`
8. Run `./derive_data.py` to generate derived data
9. Run `./develop.py` to start a development server or edit `config.json` to
   serve using wsgi.

#### Running tests

Run `pytest -vs tests` from the top directory.

#### Indexed captions directory

There should be 4 entries in this directory

 - `documents.txt` (a list of documents that are indexed)
 - `lexicon.txt` (a list of all the words)
 - `index.bin` (a directory or inverted index file)
 - `data` (a directory of all the binary encoded captions)

#### Data directory

The data directory consists of the following files and directories:

 - `videos.json` (metadata about the videos)
 - `faces.ilist.bin` (intervals when faces are on screen)
 - `people` (directory containing intervals when identified people are on screen)
 - `people.metadata.json` (optional; JSON dictionary of names to metadata tags)
 - `hosts.csv` (optional; a list of people and channels that they are hosts of)
 - `face-bboxes` (directory containing face bounding boxes)
 - `derived` (this directory is generated by `./derive_data.py`)

#### Terminology in the code
 - IntervalList (or ilist) - These are files that store intervals with a binary
   bit-vector payload. The intervals can overlap, but must be sorted by start
   time.
 - IntervalSet (or iset) - These are files that store non-overlapping intervals,
   sorted by start time. Unlike IntervalList, there is no bit-vector payload.
